# python-api-challenge
Due Monday by 11:59pm 11/13

VacationPy

    The first thing we are asked to do is to configure the map plot, but my first problem I had was getting the key that I signed up for to work. I did a bunch of different things that didn't work, but the key was still printing as "Your Key Here" and I couldn't figure out why. After trying to undo everything I did re-saving everything and reloading everything it seemed to work. Then to create the map I noticed that import hvplot.pandas was a the top do I googled "hvplot map" and found: https://hvplot.holoviz.org/user_guide/Geographic_Data.html and used that first line of code, deleting the items that I didn't think I needed and adding what was asked in the title. The next thing asked is to narrow down that data to our ideal weather condition. I noticed the temp seemed to be in Celsius so I figured I wanted a temp between 50 to 85 degrees Fahrenheit, didn't want it to be more cloudy than sunny, didn't want it to be very windy at all, and didn't want the most humidity. Any time I see dropping null values I think dropna. Next I remember Dallon creating a copy before but I couldn't find it in the homework so I just googled it and it seems you can just do a df.copy(). So I took our data and made it with just the columns specified. After that I googled how to add an empty column and got this website: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16327055/how-to-add-an-empty-column-to-a-dataframe and it seems I can just name the column = "". For the next part, most of the code was given but I figured we were going to do something similar to lesson 6.3. When I looked online in Gitlab the solutions were not there which was annoying, so I pulled up the actual zoom lesson and they set up prams are shown at 1:05:48 so with a little trial and error I got the parameters I was looking for, 1:05:30 for lat and long params, 1:06:58 for the bias. The get and the response to json we have done a few times but was also at 1:07:09. The last part is just a copy and past of what we were asked to do first, but with the new df.

WeatherPy

    The first code that we create for this is for city_weather. We did this in the first activity 6.1 activities 1. Next was parsing out the given code which uses the json reader we just crated and finding the right dictionaries inside it. Next is creating a database which we have done a number of times. I did have to change the csv file reader as I how the folders were downloaded for me is I had to go back a folder to access it. Then was plotting the data from the csv file (the first one is latitude vs temperature), which we did in the last homework assignment as well as the labels which is asked for. I just copied the titles from what was being shown as the answer for us. We then do this for humidity, cloudiness, and wind speed. Then we are asked to define a function to create linear regression plots which I pretty much took from the last part of module 5. I did take the liberty to change my variables to something that I found made more sense in my head. Then we splitting the upper and lower hemispheres which reminded me of finding a specific mouse in the module 5 so I took that code and made it fit the new dfs. Now that we have the function, we needed to create scatter plots in the way our function dictates (x, y, eqn_coordinates). Rinse and repeat for all graphs.